README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1 class="projectName">Compare Form Backends</h1>

  <p class="projectBadges">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/type-Markdown-9c27b0.svg" alt="Project type" title="Project type">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/jerboa88/Compare-Form-Backends.svg" alt="Language" title="Language">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/jerboa88/Compare-Form-Backends.svg" alt="Repository size" title="Repository size">
    <a href="LICENSE">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/jerboa88/Compare-Form-Backends.svg" alt="Project license" title="Project license"/>
    </a>
  </p>

  <p class="projectDesc">
      A comparison of free form backend services for static sites
  </p>

  <br/>
</div>


# About

Want to add a contact form to your [Jamstack](https://jamstack.wtf/) or static site? Form backend services can help you do that.

This repository is a comparison of free form backend services for static sites. It includes a list of services, their features, and limitations. The list is divided into two sections: open-source and self-hostable services, and free plans from popular form backend providers.

This list is not exhaustive, and there may be other services available that are not listed here. If you find any inaccuracies or have suggestions, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

We aim to make this list as accurate as possible, but keep in mind that features and pricing may change over time. Refer to the providers' websites for the most up-to-date information.


# Plans

## Open source and self-hostable

Open source form backends that you can host yourself. These services usually have an instance available for public use as well. If there are usage limits that apply to this instance, they will be in the table below.

| Provider        | Sites | Forms | Submissions | Email Addresses | Custom Redirect Page | Direct replies | Domain Whitelist | File Attachments | Auto Responder | Spam Protection | Integrations | Webhooks | Standalone | Notes |
| --------------- | ----- | ----- | ----------- | --------------- | -------------------- | -------------- | ---------------- | ---------------- | -------------- | --------------- | ------------ | -------- | ---------- | ----- |
| [Formbase]      | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [formie]        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Formify]       | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [MailBear]      | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Openformstack] | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |



## Free

Free plans from popular font backend providers. Trial plans are also included in this section as long as they are not time-limited.

| Provider        | Plan                        | Sites | Forms | Submissions | Email Addresses | Custom Redirect Page | Direct replies | Domain Whitelist | File Attachments | Auto Responder | Spam Protection | Integrations | Webhooks | Standalone | Notes |
| --------------- | --------------------------- | ----- | ----- | ----------- | --------------- | -------------------- | -------------- | ---------------- | ---------------- | -------------- | --------------- | ------------ | -------- | ---------- | ----- |
| [99Inbound]     | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Basin]         | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Form.taxi]     | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [FormBackend]   | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Formcake]      | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Formcarry]     | Baby                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [FormKeep]      | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Formspark]     | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Formspree]     | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [FormSubmit]    | Base                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [formX]         | Trial                       | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Getform]       | Trial                       | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Heyform]       | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Jamform]       | 50 monthly form submissions | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [KwesForms]     | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Netlify Forms] | Core                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Pageclip]      | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Static Forms]  | Base                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Tally]         | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Un-static]     | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |


# Legend

## Symbols

| Symbol | Description                                            |
| ------ | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| ✅      | This feature is supported                              |
| ⛔      | This feature is not supported                          |
| 🤔      | Feature support is unclear                             |
| 🛠️      | Feature support is unclear. This is a work in progress |


## Columns

| Column                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Provider**             | The provider name                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| **Plan**                 | The name of the plan, since some providers have multiple plans.                                                                                                                                              |
| **Price**                | How much the plan costs                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| **Sites**                | The maximum number of sites you can add forms to                                                                                                                                                             |
| **Forms**                | The maximum number of forms you can create                                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Submissions**          | The number of form submissions allowed per month. This is usually a per month, but some services give you a fixed amount of form submissions. Keep in mind that spam submissions may count toward this limit |
| **Email Addresses**      | The number of outbound email addresses you can add (for notifications)                                                                                                                                       |
| **Custom Redirect Page** | Whether a custom redirect page can be specified for after the form is submitted                                                                                                                              |
| **Direct replies**       | Whether the service supports replying to the submitter directly by replying to the notification email                                                                                                        |
| **Domain Whitelist**     | Whether the service allows you to specify domains that are allowed to send form submissions. This is useful to prevent spam submissions                                                                      |
| **File Attachments**     | Whether submitting files in forms is allowed                                                                                                                                                                 |
| **Auto Responder**       | Whether the service allows sending an automated email to the submitter confirming form submission                                                                                                            |
| **Spam Protection**      | Supported spam prevention methods, if any                                                                                                                                                                    |
| **Webhooks**             | Whether the service supports [webhooks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Webhook)                                                                                                                               |
| **Integrations**         | Supported third-party integrations                                                                                                                                                                           |
| **Standalone**           | Whether the form backend depends on a specific service                                                                                                                                                       |
| **Notes**                | Other information                                                                                                                                                                                            |


## Contributing

Contributions, issues, and forks are welcome.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.


[99Inbound]: https://www.99inbound.com/
[Basin]: https://usebasin.com/
[Form.taxi]: https://form.taxi/
[FormBackend]: https://www.formbackend.com/
[Formbase]: https://beta.formbase.dev/
[Formcake]: https://formcake.com/
[Formcarry]: https://formcarry.com/
[formie]: https://formie.dev/
[Formify]: https://formify.vercel.app/
[FormKeep]: https://formkeep.com/
[Formspark]: https://www.formspark.io/
[Formspree]: https://formspree.io/
[FormSubmit]: https://formsubmit.co/
[formX]: https://formx.stream/
[Getform]: https://getform.io/
[Heyform]: https://heyform.net/
[Jamform]: https://jamform.com/
[KwesForms]: https://kwesforms.com/
[MailBear]: https://github.com/DenBeke/mailbear
[Netlify Forms]: https://www.netlify.com/platform/core/forms/
[Openformstack]: https://openformstack.com/
[Pageclip]: https://pageclip.co/
[Static Forms]: https://www.staticforms.xyz/
[Tally]: https://tally.so/
[Un-static]: https://un-static.com/

Commit message:

Update info for Formbase. Add Email Notifications column. Reformat open source table

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1 class="projectName">Compare Form Backends</h1>

  <p class="projectBadges">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/type-Markdown-9c27b0.svg" alt="Project type" title="Project type">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/jerboa88/Compare-Form-Backends.svg" alt="Language" title="Language">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/jerboa88/Compare-Form-Backends.svg" alt="Repository size" title="Repository size">
    <a href="LICENSE">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/jerboa88/Compare-Form-Backends.svg" alt="Project license" title="Project license"/>
    </a>
  </p>

  <p class="projectDesc">
      A comparison of free form backend services for static sites
  </p>

  <br/>
</div>


# About

Want to add a contact form to your [Jamstack](https://jamstack.wtf/) or static site? Form backend services can help you do that.

This repository is a comparison of free form backend services for static sites. It includes a list of services, their features, and limitations. The list is divided into two sections: open-source and self-hostable services, and free plans from popular form backend providers.

This list is not exhaustive, and there may be other services available that are not listed here. If you find any inaccuracies or have suggestions, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request. We aim to make this list as accurate as possible, but keep in mind that features and pricing may change over time. Refer to the providers' websites for the most up-to-date information.


# Plans

## Open source and self-hostable

Open source form backends that you can host yourself. These services usually have an instance available for public use as well. If there are usage limits that apply to this instance, they will be in the table below.

|        Provider | Sites | Forms | Submissions | Email Addresses | Custom Redirect Page | Direct replies | Auto Responder | File Attachments | Domain Whitelist | Spam Protection | Email Notifications | Integrations | Webhooks | Standalone |                                                            Notes                                                            |
| --------------: | :---: | :---: | :---------: | :-------------: | :------------------: | :------------: | :------------: | :--------------: | :--------------: | :-------------: | :-----------------: | :----------: | :------: | :--------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|      [Formbase] |   🤔   |   🤔   |      🤔      |        🤔        |          🤔           |       🤔        |       ⛔        |        ✅         |        🤔         |        ⛔        |          ✅          |      ⛔       |    ⛔     |     🤔      | No documentation available. Spam protection, third-party integrations, and auto responses are apparently a work in progress |
|        [formie] |   🛠️   |   🛠️   |      🛠️      |        🛠️        |          🛠️           |       🛠️        |       🛠️        |        🛠️         |        🛠️         |    reCAPTCHA    |                     |      🛠️       |    🛠️     |     🛠️      |                                                              🛠️                                                              |
|       [Formify] |   🛠️   |   🛠️   |      🛠️      |        🛠️        |          🛠️           |       🛠️        |       🛠️        |        🛠️         |        🛠️         |        🛠️        |                     |      🛠️       |    🛠️     |     🛠️      |                                                              🛠️                                                              |
|      [MailBear] |   🛠️   |   🛠️   |      🛠️      |        🛠️        |          🛠️           |       🛠️        |       🛠️        |        🛠️         |        🛠️         |        🛠️        |                     |      🛠️       |    🛠️     |     🛠️      |                                                              🛠️                                                              |
| [Openformstack] |   🛠️   |   🛠️   |      🛠️      |        🛠️        |          🛠️           |       🛠️        |       🛠️        |        🛠️         |        🛠️         |        🛠️        |                     |      🛠️       |    🛠️     |     🛠️      |                                                              🛠️                                                              |



## Free

Free plans from popular font backend providers. Trial plans are also included in this section as long as they are not time-limited.

| Provider        | Plan                        | Sites | Forms | Submissions | Email Addresses | Custom Redirect Page | Direct replies | Domain Whitelist | File Attachments | Auto Responder | Spam Protection | Integrations | Webhooks | Standalone | Notes |
| --------------- | --------------------------- | ----- | ----- | ----------- | --------------- | -------------------- | -------------- | ---------------- | ---------------- | -------------- | --------------- | ------------ | -------- | ---------- | ----- |
| [99Inbound]     | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Basin]         | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Form.taxi]     | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [FormBackend]   | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Formcake]      | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Formcarry]     | Baby                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [FormKeep]      | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Formspark]     | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Formspree]     | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [FormSubmit]    | Base                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [formX]         | Trial                       | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Getform]       | Trial                       | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Heyform]       | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Jamform]       | 50 monthly form submissions | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [KwesForms]     | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Netlify Forms] | Core                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Pageclip]      | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Static Forms]  | Base                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Tally]         | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |
| [Un-static]     | Free                        | 🛠️     | 🛠️     | 🛠️           | 🛠️               | 🛠️                    | 🛠️              | 🛠️                | 🛠️                | 🛠️              | 🛠️               | 🛠️            | 🛠️        | 🛠️          | 🛠️     |


# Legend

## Symbols

| Symbol | Description                                            |
| ------ | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| ✅      | This feature is supported                              |
| ⛔      | This feature is not supported                          |
| 🤔      | Feature support is unclear                             |
| 🛠️      | Feature support is unclear. This is a work in progress |


## Columns

| Column                   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Provider**             | The provider name                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| **Plan**                 | The name of the plan, since some providers have multiple plans.                                                                                                                                              |
| **Price**                | How much the plan costs                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| **Sites**                | The maximum number of sites you can add forms to                                                                                                                                                             |
| **Forms**                | The maximum number of forms you can create                                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Submissions**          | The number of form submissions allowed per month. This is usually a per month, but some services give you a fixed amount of form submissions. Keep in mind that spam submissions may count toward this limit |
| **Email Addresses**      | The number of outbound email addresses you can add (for notifications)                                                                                                                                       |
| **Custom Redirect Page** | Whether a custom redirect page can be specified for after the form is submitted                                                                                                                              |
| **Direct replies**       | Whether the service supports replying to the submitter directly by replying to the notification email                                                                                                        |
| **Domain Whitelist**     | Whether the service allows you to specify domains that are allowed to send form submissions. This is useful to prevent spam submissions                                                                      |
| **File Attachments**     | Whether submitting files in forms is allowed                                                                                                                                                                 |
| **Auto Responder**       | Whether the service allows sending an automated email to the submitter confirming form submission                                                                                                            |
| **Spam Protection**      | Supported spam prevention methods, if any                                                                                                                                                                    |
| **Webhooks**             | Whether the service supports [webhooks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Webhook)                                                                                                                               |
| **Integrations**         | Supported third-party integrations                                                                                                                                                                           |
| **Standalone**           | Whether the form backend depends on a specific service                                                                                                                                                       |
| **Notes**                | Other information                                                                                                                                                                                            |


## Contributing

Contributions, issues, and forks are welcome.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.


[99Inbound]: https://www.99inbound.com/
[Basin]: https://usebasin.com/
[Form.taxi]: https://form.taxi/
[FormBackend]: https://www.formbackend.com/
[Formbase]: https://beta.formbase.dev/
[Formcake]: https://formcake.com/
[Formcarry]: https://formcarry.com/
[formie]: https://formie.dev/
[Formify]: https://formify.vercel.app/
[FormKeep]: https://formkeep.com/
[Formspark]: https://www.formspark.io/
[Formspree]: https://formspree.io/
[FormSubmit]: https://formsubmit.co/
[formX]: https://formx.stream/
[Getform]: https://getform.io/
[Heyform]: https://heyform.net/
[Jamform]: https://jamform.com/
[KwesForms]: https://kwesforms.com/
[MailBear]: https://github.com/DenBeke/mailbear
[Netlify Forms]: https://www.netlify.com/platform/core/forms/
[Openformstack]: https://openformstack.com/
[Pageclip]: https://pageclip.co/
[Static Forms]: https://www.staticforms.xyz/
[Tally]: https://tally.so/
[Un-static]: https://un-static.com/
